So it's as part of the listening drills. You'd be issued the plan of the
dead, and you'll be in quarters you'll read off the planet today.
Somehow, someway, someone you're division will not here and somehow
some way fat day, either your department head XO seals will come on
by and as that person. So what's going on today? Personally asked.
Is your team member who hasn't? You'd be surprised how often that happens
or not, and people will complain. I didn't get the word. There's
only so many ways to get the word out before smartphones before tablets.
Before all that, we had a simple plan it right off everyone,
what they're doing and what's going on. Um, you know, that's not change,
even in the smartphone era. And as we get beyond smartphones,
beyond, beyond smart from us, someone is still not getting here. So
what do you do yet? You point out correctly. Did you see the day post
on? Okay, right behind me today. Right there. What's going on? But
if you haven't as division officer taking time to post fell plan on
the day, so you need to make sure that it's available to you could
point to a place that interested. It's in the ship's plan of the day
file, and here's the U. R L. But if you can't find that, it's your
responsibility now, if you got it and they continuously don't read it,
let's have a talk with two Petty Officer watch and try to come up
with a better strategy, but the first thing is make sure you have it
posted.